Hey everyone, I am Justin with americanmuscle.com. This is my quick breakdown of Chrome BBK
One eight-inch five-inch long tube headers are available for your '79 and '93 manual 5-liter
Foxbody. Before we get all the details here with these BBK long tube headers, I want
To provide a friendly reminder to subscribe to our YouTube channel if you have not already done so
So already for the most in-depth category review on the web plus the best Mustang
content.
These particular long pipes of BBK do feature one and eight five-inch primary or pipe,
Each of them was bent mandrel to help increase the flow and increase your performance.
The eighth and fifth version I have here with me today is definitely to be
Most of the popular offerings are for most street cars or even cars with a very decent amount of
Nitrous momentum or induction force. I do not want to point out that BBK does not offer
The three quarter version has one same header specified, but only if you are set to
Great powers through a big cubic inch or a big boost, I would stick with the eighth and five and one
Copy here for cars making 500 horsepower or less.
As you can see, these long pipes do feature that nice, bright chrome accents that will
No doubt look good under the hood of your Foxbody. For a few more dollars, men,
You can spring for optional ceramic paint which will make this finish a bit more
Durable, it will help to reduce under the hood a little temperature. Men, that is great
Time to remind you that these long tubes will fit only a 5-liter Foxbody manual. So,
If you have an automatic car or if you are only interested in various finishes or sizing
Options, well then you should definitely go to support the product page at americanmuscle.com
If you are not already there.
Getting into some of the smaller yet equally important details, BBK does not include laser
Cut the lips with all the headers make for an OEM fit like. So they toss in the brand
Hardware and exhaust multiple new mattresses just to save fellow travelers to parts
a store. Installing a new set of long tubes on your Mustang can be a bit intimidating
at least. If you do not think you have mechanical skills or tools to get
To this task, feel free to communicate to your local store. On the other hand, if
Something like that is just another day in the garage for you, well then leave it to yourself
About a full day in the garage to get the job done. Feel free to get close to
Mustang Expert If you must have any questions.
Before I conclude this review, I do not want to remind you that when you are not using a set of
Long tubes like BBKs here, you will need to handle your midpipe because the factory
The midpipe will no longer work. In this case, of course, BBK recommends going with them
A small midpipe is available on the site here in all X or H pipe configurations. As for
The way, if you have any other questions about this, again, just access to the Mustang expert
At what time. If you are looking for a range of long tube headers to push the 5.0 rod very
The fair price then you have to check out one tube and eight five inch long chrome
BBK headers are available here at americanmuscle.com.